# Site Rehabilitation Application Tracking Requirement

## High Level Requirement



Sanjel is working on site rehabilitation projects which  sponsored by Alberta and BC government. Kevin is tracking the applications with a spreadsheet. Once the application is approved, government will prepay Sanjel the part of expense of rehabilitation work. After the job is done, Sanjel will generate the invoice for government and another invoice to client with remain balance. From program to service ticket and to invoice, we need to flag the job with important parameters to make it remarkable and assure we are doing things right. The whole history needs to be retained for future government auditing purpose.



## High Level Solution

- Build a tracking system for site rehabilitation applications.
- Build API for program template to look up approved applications and import needed data.
- Enhance eProgram to import the key parameters of application
- Enhance eService to carry over the key parameters of application.
- Enhance eService to calculate service ticket balance with grant deduction and print the key information properly.
- Enhance Invoice import process to generate client invoice and government invoice properly.
- Enhance BI to include this enhancement.



## Business Process

To be detailed by Client Solutions, Dispatches, Operation and Accounting.



## Acceptance Criteria

- Tracking system is usable for data entry and update. 
- Application data can be retrieved through API by Client, Application Reference, Well Bottom Hole UWI.
- Application reference associated with program can be imported in eProgram.
- Application reference can be carried over in Call Sheet, Service Ticket in eService.
- Service Ticket  can print application information as Government required.
- Government invoice and Client invoice can be generated correctly from Service Ticket and application record.



## Tasks

1. Solution design - 40 hours
2. Initial tracking system generation, API development for program template - 40 hours
3. Tracking system usability enhancement - 40 hours
4. eProgram enhancement - 20 hours
5. eService enhancement - 40 hours.
6. Invoice Import enhancement - 40 hours
7. Deployement and test - 40 hours
8. Existing BI enhancement - ?

## Limitation

- As the government program started recently, the process and requirement may be discovered as time going. We will be flexible to tweak the solution to adapt to the changes.
- Tracking system will be generated by MDD system provide by Metashare. Generic UI will be the start point for use. Minor usability improvement will be adjusted based on user's feedback.

